hello nice welcome safety
doctor on this occasion we bring you the
tutorial of this makeup that can
see here is in coffee tones is that this is
inspired by an image that he sent me
mariana padilla de thalía and she asked me
for his birthday so he sent him
congratulations to her whose birthday
December 30th it seems to me and then if he
I made it special for her because I
asked right now I'm doing like that
all requests have been me
left and lips and they were roses but I
this time I wanted to put them red or
whether I recorded on the lips but
then less change red and also to
end of the video I leave an outfit that
I recorded that also good has been
very much and that I have always told you that
no but now I decided to do it to see
how do you think then if you want
I see how this will make the
upload the photo to facebook so they can see
the inspiration of thalía makeup
that has pink lips but then
as I tell them in the end it is already
change red and also if they want to see my
outfit as combine stem here
with my clothes and keep watching the video
we see in the next bye let's start
with a first and this we will apply
where are we going to apply shadows I
I'm going to seal with a little bit of dust
loose
once I have that, I will use
my umbrella for transition and we're going
to put in the basin well diffused
and
I want to know a little bit the account
using a dark coffee and this I'm going
to put right in the basin I'm going to do
like a line like scott gray but what
I'm going to determine so let's put it together
a little bit also with the external ub
to blur that brown line and not
it looks very rough we are going to blur the
with a coffee a little more clarito this
I'm applying it with the same broach
to blur what I used for the
transition shadow and we're going to apply it
just above the dark brown shadow
what we did to mark our account
It is important that you take this step
that blur that line well well
Now I will use umbrella
color as recite with glitter below you
I leave the list of products and this I'm going
to apply in the corners of my eye in
the inner and outer corner and the
I'm going to join in between
remember that it is important to blur
it's good that all those shadows come together
in this case I felt that the shadow was
very clear and I put on top of that color
pink one a little bit darker
it is important that we leave the center of
clean eye because there we are going to apply a
pigment grade then we grab a
pigment or a golden shadow that you
have and we put it right in the center
because in the picture of thalía it looks good
illuminated with gold from that area
now it was a clear shadow we are going to
illuminate the arch of the eyebrow this same
we will use it to illuminate
the lacrimal
Now I'm going to do a little more to
same dark brown shadow that we had
used we are going to apply it in the basin
and also in the external ub only
to darken a little more the
outlined that has tone in this
occasion does not have a connotation of
outside so we're just going to go to
delineate straight our entire line of
eyelashes once I have my
eyelashes and my bass and everything post I'm going to
continue with the bottom part I'm going to
re-use the dark brown shadow
and I'm going to delineate the lash line and
just as you blur the brown line in the
eyelid mobile we will do it in the
bottom part with the same umbrella
We're going to help you blur that
dark coffee line
and
and we also eliminate the tear
we put a little mask of
eyelashes actually the makeup that
used the talia on this occasion is
super easy only is to play with
several coffee tones now as I already have
my contours all and all done we are going to
Apply a little bit of blush on
cheeks and we're also going to use a
illuminator
I'm going to outline my lips with a pencil
little pink the lipstick that has them is
a rose like a dark red then
I combine honorable as well as barbie with
a darker rose to get more or
less to the tone you already have and
it also has like a gloss gradient
over so I put gloss
as I had told you on this occasion
To combine my outfit I changed the
lipstick for a red lipstick so for
I 'm using a lip now
different
That would be the makeup I hope
like it very much and started with the car
and
and that was how I would look
nothing else I changed my lips to red
because I felt that I was going more with my dose and
Well yes I hope you liked it
much this video and it has pleased
all those who asked me outfit the
I do not know if I really like doing
this because I do not feel like that very
comfortable to show me show my body
completely, but I do not know about you
tell me what do you think that kind of
videos and I also send greetings as
I had already told Mariana Padilla that
It's been years since he asked me for this makeup
specifically such as as they
I said here shortly I leave you the link of the
image of which I was inspired and yes yes yes
they liked this makeup remember that
can give you little hand up and down
You can also subscribe to follow
seeing in the other videos can
leave me suggestions because I have also
been doing like all the
requests that I have been told I am
doing I'm trying to please the
to all and therefore if I say goodbye to you
I send them a huge kiss and see you in
the next video